feat: add support for custom registry on 1.28 and prepare v1.28.4 release (#259)
sighupio/fury-distribution: docs/releases/v1.27.9.md

# Kubernetes Fury Distribution Release v1.27.9

Welcome to KFD release `v1.27.9`.

The distribution is maintained with ❤️ by the team [SIGHUP](https://sighup.io/) it is battle tested in production environments.

## New Features since `v1.27.8`

### Installer Updates

No changes

### Module updates

No changes

## New features 🌟

- **Configurable distribution registry**: Now the registry used by the distribution can be configured. An example configuration:

  ```yaml
  ---
  spec:
    distribution:
      common:
        registry: myregistry.mydomain.ext
  ```

- **Configurable onpremises registry**: Now the registry used by the onpremises kind can be configured. An example configuration:

  ```yaml
  ---
  spec:
    kubernetes:
      advanced:
        registry: myregistry.mydomain.ext
  ```

## Fixes 🐞

No changes

## Upgrade procedure

> Check the [upgrade docs](https://github.com/sighupio/furyctl/tree/main/docs/upgrades/kfd/README.md) for the detailed procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [upgrade docs](https://docs.kubernetesfury.com/docs/upgrades/upgrades) for the detailed procedure.
```
